dlgwas
================

<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

Ultimately this project will be installable via pip with the following
command. Note that this is not yet implemented.

<!-- ## Install -->

``` sh
pip install dlgwas
```

## How to use

This project is currently pre-release. Instructions on use will be added
in the future.

## Project Structure

The files of primary interest in this project are notebooks, external
data, processed data, models, and reports. Additional files are produced
by `nbdev` for building documentation, testing, and other tasks. This
project is intended to applicable to multiple organisms. This long term
goal motivates encapsulating data relevant to a species in a species
subfolder even though only *Zea mays* is considered at present.

Below is an outline to illustrate the project’s target structure.

- Notebooks (`nbs`)
  - Where possible, analysis will be done in jupyter notebooks.
  - Notebooks are named in snake case with
    1.  The expected run order
    2.  The species if applicable ([using KEGG naming
        conventions](https://www.genome.jp/kegg/catalog/org_list4.html))
    3.  A brief description
  - Duplicate notebook numbers are allowed for now
    (e.g. 01_zma_kegg_download and 01_taes_kegg_download) for parallel
    tasks but reserving a block of notebook numbers may end up being
    better (e.g. 01-10 for zma, 11-20 for taes).
- External Data (`ext_data`)
  - Subfolders for different species (Arabidopsis `ath`, Wheat `taes`,
    and Maize `zma` shown here)
  - Subfolders may contain data from public databases (cyverse, panzea,
    kegg, etc.) or data from specific studies.
  - Study data should be named according to the citation
    (e.g. `buckler_et_al_2009`) rather than the repository that the data
    is stored in (e.g. figshare, zenodo, etc.).
- Data (`data`)
  - Cleaned or otherwise transformed data from `ext_data` should be kept
    here.
  - Computational artifacts (e.g. pickled objects) that are expensive to
    recompute should also be stored here.
  - Data storage isn’t set yet. It will either aim:
    - To make the *origin* of produced objects clear, folders will have
      names matching the notebooks that created them.
    - To make the *use* of produced objects easy, the folders will have
      names matching those in `ext_data`.  
- Models (`models`)
  - Computationally expensive models are to be saved here.
  - Folders will have names matching the notebooks that created them
- Reports (`reports`)
  - Figures, tables, and other human readable artifacts are to be stored
    here.
  - Folders will have names matching the notebooks that created them

Illustrative Directory Structure:

    .
    ├── nbs
    │   ├── 00_core.ipynb
    │   ├── 01_zma_kegg_download.ipynb
    │   ├── ...
    │   └── index.ipynb
    ├── ext_data
    │   ├── ath
    │   ├── taes
    │   └── zma
    │       ├── buckler_et_al_2009
    │       ├── e2p2_computed
    │       ├── ensemble
    │       ├── kegg
    │       ├── panzea
    │       └── plant_reactome
    ├── data
    │   ├── zma                  ?
    │   │   └── ...
    │   └── 01_zma_kegg_download ?
    │       └── ...
    ├── models
    │   └── 01_zma_kegg_download
    │       └── ...
    └── reports
        └── 01_zma_kegg_download
            └── ...    
